# Spoilers for the big Project
## 21-11-2024
One of the spoilers that I want to announce, is the fact that yes, it will be a 3D game. It will be heavily inspired by already established games, such as **Watch Dogs** and **Need for Speed**. I won't reveal the name just yet, or what the game would be like, but that is everything that the spoilers would show, at least for now. I will share the updates on the project, as long as I maintain this particular file.

## 11-05-2025
The initial ideas for the big project were inherently scrapped, since the original ideas were meant to replicate the ideas of Watch Dogs and Need for Speed into one game, making things a part of my own ideas, meaning that the game itself is not going **offline**. Instead, the game will **always remain active**, respecting the choices of keeping the game alive (yes, I see you, [Stop Killing Games](https://www.stopkillinggames.com/)). However, since I can't seem to start the proper development on it, I have considered dropping the ideas. Now, I decided to refine the ideas themselves, and remake the ideas that have been already created by ***a particular company***, which their fan base really wished for, but never received, so I decided to create it. For now, I went with the suffix name, "The Expanded World", since the idea of the map itself is meant to be a giant map. To be exact, merging multiple game worlds into one.

Another spoiler I can drop is the fact that you will be able to **customize the UI** for the game by going to the **Settings → Interface → LnF**. "LnF" stands for "Look and Feel", by the way. The idea for the world is to combine **4 games** into one. And before anyone says, "4 games, one story" and that it's FNaF, it's not because theoretically, it could be **4 game maps merged into one**, but I'll make sure that there is that the **5th game**, as a story-wise, will also remain in place.

So, when can you guys expect the project to happen? 2029-2032. Maybe even shorter, depending on how and when I finally start the development, and if, and that's a big if, I also get **voice actors**, preferably in a studio to do the recordings, to occur. Yes, big spoilers, but don't get your hypes up just yet.

## 15-04-2026
I can finally share some details on the game itself. From the current standpoint, the game will contain at least 5 big cities, which come from a popular era from the game series that I will be... indirectly copying. Yes, IP infringement is a bitch, but what I will be doing is going to a specific game and get most of the things geolocated within that game. It is in category of racing, so in some ways... it is **Need for Speed** inspired.

Let me share you the story hints on what the game is supposed to be, based on the planning that I have made so far. You arrive in a city. Dominate everything. Take over on the crews and demolish bosses. But there was that one opponent that is actively hunting you down. Eventually, you go undercover and get arrested afterward, having to rely on someone else to do the bidding for you. They say that he managed to lock down at least 2 major cities, but he can't get out now because everyone is actively hunting him down. He managed to take a few bosses down on the mountains, someone that no one else dared to do after a major crash.

Also, I can confidently share the name of the game. Originally, I decided to go with "City Pursuers", but this name might not stick to the end. I thought of probably going with "Underdriver"...? I still do not know, but eventually, I will find a name that could stick nicely. However, I am open to ideas, if you got any other names for the game itself. Just note that I am not willing to infringe on any IPs, meaning that I will not be accepting any names such as "Need for Speed: insert-name-here" or whatever, as I am not willing to risk any possible C&D's or any lawsuits... if EA even does decide to pursue that shit because I haven't heard of any fangames that are exactly the same to their old classics being taken down, and surely they wouldn't care, if someone were just copy their shit... right?

By the way, I'm scrapping the LnF customization option that was also planned before. Mainly because I thought that with the planning I have done so far, it wouldn't stick right with the entire game itself. And having one Look and Feel for the game would be better than making multiple ones.

Anyway, I think I've shared enough spoilers so far. If you read between the lines, you may figure out, where I am actually going with this game project itself.
